Liveness one shot (#101)
matemax/lunasdk: docs/_sources/sdk/face_estimations.rst.txt

descriptors are compatible to each other. It is impossible to batch and match in compatible descriptors, so you
should pay attention what settings do you use when extracting them.

.. _`livenessv1`:

Livenessv1
----------

This estimator tells whether the person’s face is real or fake (photo, printed image).

> The estimator (see ILivenessOneShotRGBEstimator in sdk). A method estimates whether a real person or not. Output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The estimator (see ILivenessOneShotRGBEstimator in sdk). The method estimates whether a person is real or not. Output
```

estimation is a structure `LivenessV1Estimation`with float score, which is normalized in range [0..1],
where 1 - is real person, 0 - is fake. Also `LivenessV1Estimation` contains  a parameter `quality` which means a degree

> of confidence in the result of estimation. You can add information about a detection head pose to for to improve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of confidence in the result of estimation. You can add information about a detection head pose to improve
```

> a prediction accuracy. Also function contains face detection constrain checkers (detection size and others), if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a prediction accuracy. Also, the function contains face detection constraint checkers (detection size and others), if
```

a face detection does not satisfy these constraints estimation is failed.

.. warning::
    Current estimator version estimates correct liveness state for images from mobile and web camera only.

>     A correctness of a liveness prediction are not guarantee for other images source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A correctness of a liveness prediction is not guaranteed for other images source.
```
